response 0:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: a) you like it, b) you can’t run, c) you were running, d) you ran yesterday, e) you want to run. Use the verb ‘run’ and the preposition ‘about’.The first time I met you, I was at my place. I wasn’t looking forward to the conversation, but I was ready for it. I was thinking about myself. I wasn’t thinking about you. I was thinking about what I liked and didn’t like about myself. I was thinking about what I was good at and what I wasn’t.The reason why the tree is called a “Windmill” is that the leaves have the shape of the blades on a windmill. But in actual fact, it would be more accurate to describe them as “propeller” like leaves.
The leaves of this tree can grow to a length of about 2 feet (0.61 meters), and are thick and heavily textured. They are a dark green color, and have a serrated edge. Unlike many other plants, the Windmill Tree does not have compound leaves. The leaves are arranged in a spiral pattern, and are attached to the branches at different angles.
The flowers of this tree are what give it
---------------------------
response 1:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: what it is, where it comes from, how to train, what it means to you, and why you like it.»
«In a group of four, select a topic of importance to the class and write a paragraph or more about it. Topics may include identity, study habits, social media, academic achievement, or academic failure.»
«Research the main topic of the following chapter of the novel. Then, give a written summary of the chapter.»
«Read the following passage from the novel. Write a paragraph or more about what you think will happen in the next chapter, and why.»
«Read the following passage from the novel. Write a paragraph or more about what you think the main character might be feeling at this point in the novel, and why.»
«Read the following passage from the novel. Write a paragraph or more about how the author uses language to create an image of the setting.»
«Read the following passage from the novel. Write a paragraph or more about the author's use of setting in the passage.»
«Read the following passage from the novel. Write a paragraph or more about how the author uses language to create an image of the character.»
«
---------------------------
response 2:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: I run three times a week. I run at the park, on the road in the morning, in the evening, and on the weekend. I have been running for five years. I run about ten miles each time. I run because I like to lose weight and to have good health. I enjoy running because I feel good when I run. It is a good way to have good health. I can lose weight by running. I feel more energetic when I run. It makes me happy when I run. I like the feeling when I run because it makes me feel good. I run to be healthy. I run to feel good about myself.
Write a passage with five paragraphs about your school: I go to school in the morning. I go to school at 9:00 am. I have classes on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. I have classes from 8:30 am to 2:30 pm. My classes are math, science, art, PE, history, and English. English is my favorite class. I like to write stories in English. I like to be in the art class. I like to draw pictures and paint. I like to be in the PE class.
---------------------------
response 3:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: two of the paragraphs should describe typical problems and solutions you may encounter while running, and the other three should describe the benefits of running. Write each paragraph in a separate file and name them according to the description above. Then, use the concat function to concatenate all the paragraphs into a single file.Then another one came in, and I had to do a wound dressing. That was another very difficult thing. I took a piece of nylon and wrapped it around my hand and then put it around the wound. It was very difficult to do. I think the biggest difficulty was not knowing if you were doing things correctly. You were just following the doctor’s instruction, but did you know what you were doing? I didn’t know what I was doing.The purpose of the team is to produce an annual report to Council to provide a snapshot of the community’s well-being; to identify the strengths and areas of concern; and to provide recommendations for Council and external stakeholders to help support the community. This will be achieved through a comprehensive survey of the community, interviews with key stakeholders and analysis of secondary data.I am a filmmaker and photographer based out of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. I make short films, documentaries, headshots
---------------------------
response 4:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: the benefits of running, running tips, runners’ problems, your favourite running route and your favourite running accessories.
Write a letter to your friend introducing him/her to the world of running. Write 400 to 450 words. Include the running terms that you have learned in this lesson.
Read the text. Discuss the benefits of running and the problems of running with your classmates. Then, have them present their findings in front of the class.
1. Write the numbers 1 to 10 on the board. Ask your students to write down the words they hear when you say the numbers.
2. Ask your students to find the difference between the numbers. For example, if you say 1 and 3, they will say 2.
Ask your students to write down the differences between the numbers on their exercise books. Then, ask them to write down their answers in Chinese. For example, you write 1 and 2, they will write １和 二.
3. Ask your students to read the differences between the numbers aloud. For example, they will read 一和二.
4. Let your students read the differences between the numbers with you. For example, if you say one and two, they will read 一和二.
5.
---------------------------
response 5:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: advantages and disadvantages. You may use the following outline: Paragraph one Paragraph two Paragraph three Paragraph four Paragraph five The first paragraph is usually an introduction. It can be about what running is, but it can also just be a general paragraph based on your own ideas. The second paragraph talks about advantages of running, and you can be as detailed as you want. You can talk about the health benefits, how running can help you stay fit, how running can help you lose weight, etc. The third paragraph is usually about disadvantages of running, and can be as detailed as you want. The fourth paragraph is usually a conclusion. It can talk about what you have learned, or it can be a summary of what you have said before. The fifth paragraph is a conclusion. It can talk about what you have learned, or it can be a summary of what you have said before. You can use your own ideas for the four paragraphs. Don't just copy the outline; use it as a guideline.Introduction
The role of the cerebellum in motor control and learning has been well documented. However, the cerebellum also plays a role in other forms of learning such as trace eyeblink conditioning (EBC), in which a conditioned
---------------------------
response 6:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: one paragraph about feeling the wind in your hair, one about being outdoors, one about the people you see or meet, one about the distance you cover, and one about the physical challenge. Use examples or alliteration to make your writing more interesting.
For this task, you will write a report that gives advice about running in winter. You must refer to the three websites you have read for this unit and give some advice about what people can do to run safely in winter. You should use the web research skills you have learned in this unit and include citations where you quote or paraphrase from another source. You will have 5 minutes to plan how you will write your report and 20 minutes to write it. You are allowed to use a dictionary and thesaurus to check your spelling and grammar.
We are looking for someone who is able to give advice on how to stay safe when running in winter by referring to the websites you have read this week. You are allowed to use a dictionary and thesaurus to check your spelling and grammar. You should use the web research skills you have learned in this unit and include citations where you quote or paraphrase from another source. You must have a heading in your report.
If you have any
---------------------------
response 7:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: 'What is running? How does the runner know when he has reached his goal? What obstacles does he meet on the way? How does he overcome them? How does he get strong?'
Write a passage with five paragraphs about the water cycle: 'The water cycle is the process by which water moves from the earth’s surface to the atmosphere and back again. A continuous cycle of evaporation, condensation, precipitation, runoff, and infiltration is the movement of water on Earth.'
Write a passage with five paragraphs about the sun: 'What is the sun? Where does the sun rise every morning? How does the sun affect us? How do we use the sun?'
Write a passage with five paragraphs about the earth: 'What is the earth? How does the earth look like? What is the atmosphere?'
Write a passage with five paragraphs about the seasons: 'Why does the weather change every season? What are the four seasons?'
Write a passage with five paragraphs about the animals: 'What is an animal? What are the animals doing? What do the animals eat?'
Write a passage with five paragraphs about the plants: 'What is a plant? Where do the plants grow? What do
---------------------------
response 8:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running: (a)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；)；})；})；})；})；})；})；})；})；})；})；})；})；马库斯·本特松，是一名丹麦职业足球运动员，司职中场。现在效力于丹麦足球超级联赛的北西兰足球俱乐部。参加比赛赛事时间代表球队比分对手首发出场进球得牌详情丹超12-11 23:00北西兰1 - 0阿尔堡是62’0详情丹超12-08 02:00北西兰0 - 3阿晓斯是90’0详情丹超12-03
---------------------------
response 9:
Write a passage with five paragraphs about running:

My uncle and I are good friends. I often go for a run with him. It is a really fun activity. We usually do it in the morning. It helps me feel more energetic. I like to run alone. I run at a high speed all the time. I like to run on the road. I can feel the wind in my face. This is really exciting for me. It is a good exercise. I feel my heart rate going up, and my muscles getting tense. I feel light all over. When I come back home, I feel very relaxed. I feel satisfied with myself. I feel very good.

Write a passage with five paragraphs about biking:

My uncle and I are good friends. I often go for a bike ride with him. It is a really fun activity. We usually do it in the morning. It keeps me fit and healthy. I like to bike alone. I bike at a high speed all the time. I like to bike on the road. I can feel the wind in my face. This is really exciting for me. It is a good exercise. I feel my heart rate going up, and my muscles getting tense. I feel light all over. When I come back home
---------------------------
